Covid and China. Was it in your view
[music] 6 years on a lab leak?
>> The WH's position is all hypothesis on
the table. I asked China to give us all
the information in order to determine
the [music] origin of the virus.
>> That means you haven't had the full
transparency from China.
>> Exactly.
>> Dr. Tedros, the man leading the World
Health Organization and facing down
criticism from the US. I cannot say who
is perfect but what I know is we have
tried our best. [music]
>> Give me a message for President Trump.
>> I think he can make a difference. It's
not about the money when I ask the US to
come back. It's about cooperation. It's
about solidarity.
>> From Bloomberg Weekend. This is [music]
the Michelle Hussein Show.
When President Trump returned to the
White House in January 2025,
one of his first executive orders was to
withdraw from the World Health
Organization.
>> Oo, that's a big one. We were paying 500
million. Seemed a little unfair to me.
So, that wasn't the reason, but I
dropped out.
>> A decision that took a year to come into
effect just a few weeks ago. The WHO's
work spans the globe, identifying health
threats wherever they emerge, and
headquartered in this building here in
Geneva. The United States had been a
founding and crucial member of the
organization, its largest donor country.
But relations soured when the COVID
pandemic set in in President Trump's
first term. So, what happens next? How
effective can the WHO be with America on
the outside? That's part of this
conversation with the man who has led it
for nearly a decade, Dr. Tedros Adhan
Gabrias. He has seen a lot in that time.
But what you're about to hear is not all
about policy or politics. It's his
story, too. One of adversity and
resilience.
>> Dr. Dr. Ted Ross, you've done this job
now for nearly 10 years. I'm interested
to learn about your motivation and your
background. Tell me about your
experience growing up in Ethiopia and
what your family went through at that
time.
>> I remember from childhood the uh images
of the war, the smell, the sound.
Growing up in a developing country like
Ethiopia is difficult,
especially where
conflicts are frequent, not just
conflicts, but major wars. With that
background, I can call myself a child of
war
and seeing people being killed.
>> You saw this as a child.
>> Exactly.
>> With your own eyes.
>> In the streets.
>> In the streets. The bad image of war. So
that's why when I see the world now rife
with conflicts and war makes me sad
because
I can see from my own experience how
children actually feel
uh and what they they're going through.
>> What did your parents do to try and
protect you from that? My mother used to
warn us not to leave the house and asks
me and my siblings to go under the bed
which is with pile of mattresses.
This is mother's [clears throat]
instinct. She thinks that it would
protect us but of course it might
protect us with light bullets but
imagine if it's a mortar or cannon. It
could destroy the house and destroy us
too. that at least she would do
everything to do whatever is at her
disposal to to protect us.
>> Yeah. To give the children a chance.
>> Yeah. Exactly. I remember as a child
actually me and my siblings wanting to
watch what's going on because um during
exchange of fires you couldn't see the
bullets especially with lights running
from one direction to the other.
you know, child sometimes enjoying what
we see, also disturbed by the sound at
the same time, but of course, not
knowing full well that it was also
dangerous. But for the mother who
screaming and trying to help,
>> it's a different story.
>> So your mother gathered you essentially
under a single bed, you and your
siblings with her and that and is that
how you spent nights sometimes? The
whole night?
>> Very very often. Yeah, very often. But I
remember
most of all also when she was crying and
praying and crying and praying
and praying just
for us to survive.
So who would have told [snorts]
someone whose mother has prayed just for
one day survival and then end up being
the director general of a global
institution.
>> Yeah. Well, in one way it makes me
understand perfectly how you have ended
up doing a job like this. On the other
hand, when you've suffered that kind of
trauma, you are in a job where you must
have to relive it when you are on
assignment. You've been to many crisis
places. You've seen Sudan. You were in
Yemen and there was an Israeli air
strike on Houthi rebels at the airport
while you were there. How do you
therefore cope with what you see and
what you experience now as part of your
job?
>> Yeah, in many places our colleagues are
in the middle of a conflict area. I
always associate with the people
especially with the kids how they would
really suffer Sudan. When we traveled to
Adri and met with people who fled from
Darur area, mothers and children mainly
you could see you could read from their
eyes what they have been through. So I
can associate easily with them. And then
of course you mentioned the Yemen one.
When we were attacked by Israeli drones
and it hit the airport, we were ready to
depart after a mission. And maybe you
saw the footage even in the room where
we were. The sound [clears throat] was
so so heavy. But during that time, I
wasn't actually focused on that current
explosive which was so deafening. It
took me back to the old sound and uh the
old image and and the smell that I know
as a child.
>> And today your job at the WH is about
extreme situations, but it's also about
the everyday basics of health and public
health which are patchy around the world
and perhaps have always been so. But as
you look across the world today, what do
you see that worries you the most?
>> The biggest worry is the rise in
conflict because that's already
affecting many people, millions
actually.
And as we always say, peace is the best
medicine. War and disease are old
friends.
>> War and disease.
>> Yes. You can see for instance Gaza
because of the war even dis like polio
that has been eliminated long ago came
back
uh pneumonia. This is because the war
destroys the sanitation hygiene the
infrastructures
um and not only that destroys the health
system. So there is already an increase
in the disease prevalence but the
service deliver is also uh weak. So
that's you see in many countries now and
that's what uh worries me. I was in
Munich security conference last year
and I have attended Munich security
conference actually for many years when
I was minister of health and for a
minister. I have never seen a very
worrisome
security conference last year because
many of the foreign ministers or leaders
from high income countries were
announcing their increase in military
expenditure
and significant ones actually from 2% to
5% from 1% to 3%.
And I asked actually some of the foreign
ministers a question
why they said oh we feel threatened you
see what's changing then I told them at
least don't forget the invisible enemy
which is the virus like covid that can
hit and kill even more than any war that
killed in recent memory it did covid
killed more than 20 million so I
reminded them of that [snorts] of course
that's uh what worries me now with the
whole world arming itself
then the rise in conflict increasing
including the rhetoric and sometimes I
feel like are we um sleepwalking into a
major war like a nuclear war because you
never know
>> that was the Munich security conference
when JD Vance made his speech lambasting
America's allies but when you were
putting this across to foreign ministers
I assume European foreign ministers
[snorts] who were increasing defense
spending because of Ukraine and Russia.
Did you feel the penny dropped with
anyone or have they put CO 6 years on
completely into the past? They can't
imagine a health threat like that again.
>> I think we had this what they call panic
and neglect. So during COVID I think the
whole world panicked and was investing
billions.
But then when priorities change then you
neglect held and then invest into as I
said defense but that should not be the
case. There should be a balance. We
should strike a balance. Of course the
best medicine is peace. As I said
some people say arming yourselves could
be a deterrent. fine if that's what they
believe but still it should not be at
the expense of health which is the
number one actually in terms of
importance it's only healthy people
healthy society that can progress
so health security should be taken
seriously whatever the situation
otherwise we could be in a situation
like we have been during during covid
>> how far away do you think the next
pandemic is
>> we're still vulnerable and people ask
what I think whether we are prepared or
not I say yes and no there are many
initiatives we have started based on
covid lessons that's why I say yes
because the pandemic agreement was
agreed the IHR was amended the
international health regulation the
pandemic fund is helping already 70
countries by the way which we installed
in partnership with the world bank the
pandemic intelligence in Berlin is
working well and improving our
surveillance system. One of the
weaknesses we have seen during COVID. So
[snorts and clears throat] I believe
that we're getting better and then there
is the biohub to share pathogen samples
as quickly as possible. So that gives me
confidence but at the same time these
are only starting. [snorts] We need to
continue to invest and make sure that
the pandemic agreement is ratified,
implemented
and then we can be better and prevent um
the next one or detect early and manage
it without serious damage like like
COVID.
>> But these actions you're taking
everything that you're describing is at
a time when the United States is
withdrawing from the WHO which it helped
found. We knew that from one of
President Trump's first executive orders
a little over a year ago and then in
January 2026 you received the formal
notification
and co is at the heart of that isn't it?
The accusation from the Trump
administration is that the WHO
mishandled the pandemic and that's why
they're leaving. What is your response
to that?
>> Of course like any organization or any
country we might have our own problems
or weaknesses. I cannot say who is
perfect but what I know is we we have
tried our best and we have done our
best. One of the stories that really
warms my heart is as soon as the Wuhan
municipality
posted uh this new virus in their
website. This was December 31st.
We [snorts] took that and started
probing or asking questions to China.
>> This was December 2019. December 31,
and colleagues at the country level,
colleagues at the regional level and
headquarters including myself were
notified same day [snorts] and nobody
said this is the new year eve everybody
took it seriously [snorts] and even
during the new year we were working by
January 2nd and 3rd we got the
confirmation from from China and by
January 4 we already announced and of
the rest of history. No excuse of a new
year eve or no excuse of a new year. Um
[snorts] and then not only that, fast
forward, we call for emergency committee
by January 20th.
>> And some of your press conferences and
the notable moments of that dark period
were in this very room that I was
speaking in at
>> in this very room
>> at your headquarters in Geneva. But 5
years later, when you marked the 5-year
anniversary, you did ask the Chinese
government for data about the origins of
the virus,
>> did you get those answers, the complete
answers about where the virus came from?
>> So, taking you back to the accusation of
who hasn't managed well
>> from the US.
>> Exactly. So as I said we tried our best
and second the most important is we
learned the lessons
from that covid pandemic you know what
happened at the country level some of
the weaknesses at the of the countries
and weaknesses of international
organizations who and and others and
that's why we started all the
initiatives which I told you so what
matters is maybe we had weaknesses but
okay
uh you try your best with whatever means
you have and then you learn from your
lessons and try to fix that's
>> the fact that America is blaming you do
you think that is cover for government
failings is that actually the story here
>> it's very difficult to say that but I
know for sure that no country was immune
and almost every country had its own
problems with regard to response to
covid but in the same executive order.
The executive order by the president
says we're close to China.
>> That the [clears throat] WHO is too
close to the Chinese government
>> and who is influenced by China, which is
not true. Actually,
the US influences who more than any
other country.
>> Well, it was the largest country donor.
>> Exactly. but in a positive way because
over several decades
who has established excellent
relationship with the excellent
institutions that the US has with CDC
>> that changed so rapidly. I have to ask
you about some of what Secretary Robert
F. Kennedy Jr. and Secretary Rubio put
in their statement in January 2026 that
America has been insulted by the WHO
that even on our way out of the
organization, the WHO tarnished and
trashed everything America has done for
it. The WHO refuses to hand over the
American flag that hung in front of it.
And this feels incredibly personal.
So what what do you think is really
going on here? So what I'm trying to say
is one of the reasons for their
departure. We say the who is influenced
by China is not true. It's actually more
influenced by the US of course in a
positive way because of the excellent
institutions
and that's one of the reasons for their
departure. But there are other reasons
as well. But on this particular issue
with the flag, the withdrawal is
actually decided by the member states.
So whether it's a flag issue or whether
it's their names in our websites or the
information we get from them or the
final decision to withdraw from who is
done by the member states. [snorts] So
we haven't refused. What we said is this
is a member state issue so member states
should decide. But when I see that they
were keen to have this um footnote on
our website saying they're withdrawing
uh and they wanted also their flag. We
said okay we will give you. So the
flag's gone
>> and then I took the risk and decided to
give them although it's not my power or
or my mandate
believing that the governance will
understand and I said I will I will
apologize if this is a mistake but I
have actually exercised a power that I
don't have and gave them what they are
asking without prejudice to the decision
of the [snorts] assembly. So what? You
had the flag taken down and you sent it
across.
>> Yes, we lowered it official formally
giving all the protocols you do when
lowering a flag. Don't forget that. I
used to be a foreign minister and then
uh we sent our team of two I think to
hand deliver it to the embassy.
>> They still owe money though, don't they?
>> Of course they do. 24, 2024, 2025
and 2026. And I hope they will settle
those money they owe us.
>> I mean, I I I think the dangerous thing
for the organization is that others are
already following suit. Argentina has
followed suit. Is it your fear that more
will think we too can do without the
WHO? Last year all the member states
approved the pandemic agreement and not
only that
they approved also the increase in
membership fee which is a significant
one. This is part part of the finance
reform we started by the way it has
nothing to do with the US withdrawal.
We identified reliance on few
traditional donors as a major risk
>> over reliance essentially. over
reliance. Yeah. Then as a major risk. So
the negotiation took some time actually
and by 2022 member states agreed to
increase
this um their assess contribution of
membership fee significantly. So by 2031
the contribution from the member states
will reach 50% or more and that will
help us to prevent shocks like now.
>> Are you sure they're going to honor
those pledges though? It's a time of aid
cuts. The UK has made cuts to
international aid. Germany has made cuts
to international aid. These are these
were still are but big donors.
>> So we hope that they will. And the other
reason why we're convinced that it can
happen is this is burden sharing. So
it's not if you see it in terms of each
country it's not a significant amount
but when you put it together it's
significant. So I hope that they will do
it and they understand also why because
they want who to be more independent
because we have to operate without fear
or favor and for that to happen as they
call the economy stupid. It's the
financing model stupid. So the financing
model stupid means we need to have a
flexible sustainable funding in order to
ensure our neutrality and impartiality.
Then we will not be pushed by one
country by this country or that country
or dictated by one country or this
country [snorts] but we follow signs. I
do want to go back to the COVID and
China,
>> okay,
>> question because you didn't answer it
when I said
>> what was the origin of the virus and did
you get the answers you wanted from the
Chinese that you put forward on the
fifth anniversary of the outbreak?
>> Do you think it was infected animals and
infection crossing into humans or was it
in your view 6 years on a lab leak? So
the WH's position is all hypothesis on
the table natural or lab spill over or
lab
because we don't have enough evidence to
believe beyond reasonable doubt
any of the uh hypothesis that we have.
>> That means you haven't had the full
transparency from China.
>> Exactly. So we have said that many times
starting from when the first report came
in 2021.
I asked China to be transparent and to
give us all the information that they
have in order to determine the origin of
the virus.
>> So how disappointed are you that you
never know?
>> Very disappointed
because this is not just a science
issue. It's also a moral issue. It's
both
>> and trust an issue of public trust. It's
a trust as well. So when I say science,
when we know what happened with COVID,
how it started, we can prevent the next
one.
>> The lack of transparency, doesn't it
suggest to you that perhaps it was a lab
leak? Because if they're not being
transparent, then perhaps they've got
something to hide.
>> So that's what we're worried. Why are
they not telling us? Why are they not
being honest with us? Because after the
report was released and we said all
hypots on the table including labik we
formed a a group called sego
and that group prepared many questions
specially related to the Wuhan lab and I
transferred those questions to senior
officials including the president but we
haven't received any response and
without knowing without getting answers
to those questions we will not be able
to determine how COVID started and
that's disappointing because we cannot
force anyone. We cannot enforce any of
what we are saying because we only
operate based on the willingness of the
nations. We don't have mandate. So the
only thing we do is we ask and we make
our case and we wait for them to
cooperate. But the difficult thing is
for instance there are some countries
including the US who say we have
intelligence information about labik but
we haven't received anything. I also
wrote to the US asking for this
information including to the president
but I haven't received any intelligence
information that can help us. If they
want us to finalize, then they can give
us the information that they have from
intelligence or or elsewhere.
>> And are you still sharing information
with the United States? Because you
gather from your network of all your
member states and that's part of your
database on current health threats. Does
that still go to the US even though
clearly from its statements wants
nothing to do with the WHO these days?
Yes, we still keep in touch and they get
all the information that we have,
especially the important information
they need related to health security.
Nothing has changed.
>> Even though they're not paying anymore
and they owe you money,
>> they're not paying anymore. They say
that they're out, but we give them all
the information because
mission is to make the American people
safe and the rest of the world also
safe. But that way they get it both
ways. They have their cake and they eat
it.
>> The other issue they raise is we pay a
lot to WHO so we don't want to pay.
The surprising part is we also want them
to pay less. They want to pay less and
we want them to pay less. The whole idea
of the finance reform we started as soon
as I became director general is to
broaden the donor base. So the major
donors,
the traditional major donors reduce
their contribution and the burden is
shared. So [snorts] if that's what they
want, they could have stayed to help us
succeed in the finance reform so they
pay less.
>> I want to talk about children and the
fact that child mortality is rising
after years of very impressive declines.
That trajectory is essentially changing.
And at the same time we also have trust
in vaccination declining in many
countries. What is the link between the
two and how serious is that picture? For
the first time this century we will see
an increase in child mortality and this
is a combination of factors but if you
ask me the two one is ODA decline
overseas development assistance and also
[snorts]
the misinformation and disinformation
that's influencing many parents not to
vaccinate their their kids. So
vaccination rates also has dropped.
>> Yeah. And we have in the United States a
vaccine skeptic who is the health
secretary. [clears throat]
>> Have you had this conversation with him
with Robert F. Kennedy Jr. about his
views on vaccines?
>> By the way, with Secretary Kennedy, we
collaborate for instance on evacuation
of kids especially with cancer from
Gaza.
>> Even now?
>> Yes, even now.
>> In the last month since the withdrawal.
>> Exactly. So the evacuation continues. So
we work together because we have to
continue to to speak to each other.
>> Tell me how that works directly with
him. Do you speak to do you message?
>> We message sometimes we call mostly
message.
>> So how would you describe that
relationship you have with him?
>> You know talking to each other is always
good even when we have differences. For
instance, I don't agree with his
positions on vaccines but I agree with
his position on addressing the root
causes of health. For instance,
health is not made in hospitals or
clinics. It's made in homes, in schools.
It's the food we eat. As he says, real
food and the environment we live in and
our own behavior, whether we smoke or
drink or abuse sugary drinks and so on.
So, we agree [snorts] on something, we
disagree on something else. That's
actually what what's what matters. you
can still work together while
disagreeing on some issues and agreeing
on other issues.
>> But would you call his views on vaccines
dangerous where he says for example I
believe autism comes from vaccines?
>> It's not true and I have issued a
statement saying that there is no
association direct association between
vaccines and autism. We have differences
on that. And to be honest, especially
measles, it's dangerous because measles
could kill.
>> And there's a very serious measles
outbreak right now in the United States,
the worst for decades.
>> You know this also, Dr. Tedros, from
your own family life, don't you? You
lost a a brother when he was very young.
[clears throat]
>> Very young. Yes. This is my younger
brother, the next one, the second in the
family. Actually, I'm the first.
Um and um
he died at a young age. I know.
I'm sorry to I'm I'm sorry to ask you
this. It's just so
It's an example again of your work being
personal to who you are.
>> Can we have two minutes?
>> Yes, of course. Of course.
>> So, are you happy to
>> Yeah, we can go ahead with this. It's
okay now.
>> It's transient.
>> Yeah. Well, this is human beings. This
is pain. Do you feel able to tell me
about your brother and what happened to
him?
>> Yeah. So, I had a brother and his name
was Yam.
And from what my mother tells me
actually he had measles that's what I
think now from the symptoms she told me.
So we used to sleep same bed play
together. So
I'm the lucky one and he was not the
lucky one. I survived just pure luck and
he died. That's it.
>> Do you remember him getting sick?
>> I remember him. I remember and uh
of course with the technology now he
could have survived
but the sad part is with the technology
we have with the vaccines that are
trusted vaccines we have
what makes me sad is you know kids still
are dying from measles
and that's wrong of course my brother
died he didn't have access and no one
would expect actually for misus vaccines
to be delivered in Africa as soon as
they were ready. But as I said earlier,
the sad part is there are even in
developed countries where you have
access to misus vaccines that needless
kids die because of misinformation. But
there is strong evidence that Miz
vaccines are actually safe [snorts] and
[clears throat] families should parents
should use those vaccines to protect
their their kids.
>> And also there's evidence that if your
child does contract measles and
survives, there are complications that
can happen later in life. Exactly. Well,
so the consequences are very serious.
>> Exactly. That's
>> into the future.
>> Exactly. What do you think is the way to
combat misinformation and the wrong kind
of leadership on vaccines? One of the
people that Robert Kennedy Jr. has put
into the key panel advising on
vaccination in the US thinks that polio
vaccination might not be needed in the
country anymore.
I think health service should not be
politicized
especially how we handle or how we
respond to viruses or bacteria should
not be politicized.
Uh if there is anything that politicians
should do should support the experts and
spread the expert opinion
because when politicized or if it's used
as a political weapon to attack
opponents
then the result is uh we lose our
citizens, our kids could die or our
citizens could die. What do you think
then about the exodus of expertise
from research in the US from the
National Institutes of Health which has
canled funding for mRNA vaccines? Does
that agenda cause you concern
>> on mRNA vaccine? mRNA as a technology
itself. Of course, we're using it for
vaccines now, but for the future, it it
could help even with fighting cancers.
So defunding a mRNA research
is a wrong decision. I hope they will re
reconsider.
Uh you know we are in the molecular age
and this technology has a huge
potential. So it's a mistake but I hope
US will reconsider and [snorts] I hope
other countries will also invest in it.
>> And the broader Maha agenda do you think
it will make Americans healthy again?
you know on that I prefer actually to
discuss on specific issues as I told you
earlier for instance with the secretary
on disease prevention on
non-communicable diseases his stance or
position on that I agree while on
vaccines I disagree so I think it's
important that we agree or disagree on
issue by issue case by case because I
don't think all he does or thinks is
wrong there are other things I support
also in lowering the price of medicine
in in the US. I think that's that's very
important. But there are some things he
which are correct and some which we
disagree.
>> Do you think the Americans will be back
in the next decade?
>> I think so because we still work
together meaning they understand the
value of the organization
in terms of health security and they
need this platform. They also
contributed greatly in building it and I
hope they will come back. What makes it
a bit personal to me is this [snorts]
decision is really sad because
I led the transformation of the
Ethiopian health sector. Ethiopia used
to be top five in terms of maternal
mortality. It's much lower now. And if I
single out one country, the significant
support we got from the US
significant and I'm very grateful for
that for the American generosity.
Actually,
>> this is essentially USA ID which no
longer exists.
>> USA ID, CDC, and PEPAR
>> the AIDS initiative.
>> They were helping me to train nurses,
midwives, doctors.
>> So you've worked with some extraordinary
Americans over the years. It's exactly
you remember the individuals
>> and not only that significant investment
in Ethiopia which I cherish forever even
with this current situation I I I
believe that I have to be grateful and I
was also close to many of the former
presidents like President Carter and he
used to help me with Malera eradication
even helped me fill a gap on bed nets I
needed to cover 10 million households
with 20 million nets I think he gave me
around 4 million So do you conclude
leadership is just not the same as the
America of the past?
>> If I tell you more, you would be
surprised if I tell you that President
Carter campaigned for me to take this
position. He wrote personal letters to
heads of state and government he knew
saying I work with Dedros. Dedros is
like this and like this. So you vote for
him [snorts] and President Clinton with
HIV. incredible support he gave us and
the progress we have made is because of
him and President Bush we decorated him
by the way in Ethiopia because of his
contribution to PEPAR
>> he set up PEPA the AIDS initiative yeah
>> it gave hope to many countries including
>> give me a message for President Trump
then what is his opportunity here for
global health if you could persuade him
to put his animosity aside what's the
upside for him
>> the upside I think he can make a
difference for instance And I don't know
why he doesn't take um credit for it. If
there was one thing that was historic
during the co time was his initiative
the operation warp speed vaccines were
produced in a record time during covid.
It's because of him, because of the
operation. The COVID vaccines were
ready, vaccinated billions of people.
COVID was stopped.
I don't know why he doesn't want to take
credit. But he can contribute to global
health because he had done it once. So
one, he can make a difference and who is
the best plat the best platform to do
that. 194 countries, you find them in
this place. It's not about the money.
When I asked the US to come back, it's
about cooperation. It's about solidarity
and it's also about US leadership
because I have told you the most
influence comes from the US because of
its excellent institutions
and they cannot say other countries
influence. It's not true. So they can
continue that for the benefit of uh
humanity. They benefit. It's in their
best interest and the rest of the world
also benefits. But it's not about the
money. I hear now recently [snorts] they
want to establish something which is$2
billion US dollars worth but in terms of
membership fee they only pay for W30
million so why invest 10 times to create
anyone when they can benefit from a
small proportion. It has never been
about the money. But what is important
is solidarity because when who
constitution was finalized,
it was based on universality.
We need to have the universality
principle at all times to have the
maximum cooperation in solidarity
because
viruses get
advantage when we are divided.
>> We've come to see you here in Geneva uh
Dr. to Ted Ross and this show is part of
Bloomberg weekend and therefore I would
like to ask what your weekends are like
because I find it hard to imagine that
they're not full of work given the job
you do. Indeed, you called me at the
weekend.
>> Mhm.
>> Before [clears throat] this interview.
So, what what is your life like outside
this building?
>> That's a bit of a boring one. [laughter]
So, normally
I enjoy having time with my grandkids
now, but weekends, Saturday, I'm always
in the office.
>> Six days a week in the office.
>> Exactly. And Sunday
still at home, but a good part of Sunday
also I work.
>> But church,
>> church, you know, as they say, the
church of God is your heart. So,
[laughter]
so um
normally I I do that. Maybe you
understand that.
>> Dr. Tedros, we'll let you get back to
your work. Thank you so much for talking
to me.
>> Thank you.